README.md, before:

# Personal Website Sources

[URL - chenchik.me](https://chenchik.me)

## Thanks

Many thanks to [Fábio Madeira](https://github.com/biomadeira) for [Jasper2 theme](https://github.com/jekyllt/jasper2) for Jekyll

Many thanks to the Ghost team for all the design work. Also many thanks to all contributors,
that help keeping the project alive and updated :smile:


## Copyright & License

Same licence as the one provided by Ghost's team. See Casper's theme [license](GHOST.txt).

Copyright (C) 2015-2021 - Released under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Finilize utterances implementation with thanks to Jeremy Danyow @jdanyow

README.md, after:

# Personal Website Sources

[URL - chenchik.me](https://chenchik.me)

## Thanks

Many thanks to [Fábio Madeira](https://github.com/biomadeira) for [Jasper2 theme](https://github.com/jekyllt/jasper2) for Jekyll, and to [Jeremy Danyow](https://github.com/jdanyow) for [utterances](https://utteranc.es) that provides this website with discussion capabilities. 

Many thanks to the Ghost team for all the design work. Also many thanks to all contributors,
that help keeping the project alive and updated :smile:

## Copyright & License

Same licence as the one provided by Ghost's team. See Casper's theme [license](GHOST.txt).

Copyright (C) 2015-2021 - Released under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
